docs: example steps for publishing FVM-crates (#2032)
filecoin-project/ref-fvm: CONTRIBUTING.md

2. For each released crate, create a git tag: `crate_name@crate_version`.
3. Run `cargo publish` for each released crate (in dependency order).

Example steps for an FVM "owner" to release `MINOR` and `PATCH` crates:

1. Merge the `PATCH` release PR to master (e.g., [PR #2030](https://github.com/filecoin-project/ref-fvm/pull/2030)).
2. Publish all [primary crates](#primary-crates) . For each crate (fvm, fvm_shared, fvm_sdk, fvm_integration_tests):

```bash
# Declare an associative array for crate_name → crate_directory
declare -A crates
crates["fvm"]="fvm"
crates["fvm_shared"]="shared"
crates["sdk"]="fvm_sdk"
crates["fvm_integration_tests"]="testing/integration"

workspace_package_version = `tomlq '.workspace.package.version' Cargo.toml`

for crate_name in "${!my_map[@]}"; do
   crate_directory = ${crates[$key]}     
   pushd $crate_directory
   cargo publish
   git_tag = "$crate_name@v$workspace_package_version"
   git tag $git_tag
   popd
done
```

3. After creating all tags, push them:

```shell
git push --tags
```

> 4. Verify the release on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/fvm/versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify the releases on crates.io:
   https://crates.io/crates/fvm/versions
   https://crates.io/crates/fvm_shared/versions
   https://crates.io/crates/fvm_sdk/versions
   https://crates.io/crates/fvm_ingration_tests/versions
```
